In this first video, i will show you how you
can import the SVG graphics that we created
using p5.js into the open source software
Blender, to turn them into 3D bodies.
The first part, obviously, we
need to import our SVG graphics,
therefore, we have this "scalable vector
graphics" format, that we can import.
I will select the curves that i previously
created and now we can nicely see here the SVG
polygons, that i created. And we
can also see up here in the right,
that we can see each individual polygon that we
created. And we can now select them individually,
in order to make this a little bit better
to see, i will turn to the wireframe format.
And now i want to turn them
into actual solid bodies.
For this we need to add a modifier. Use the
little tool here and then we use the solidify
modifier and we can immediately see that we
now have a 3D body and not a 2D body anymore.
Using the solidify, we can define in which
direction we want to extrude our body.
Here now to the top and of course you can also
define a few other parameters. And of course,
if you have a lot of polygons, it would be
a lot of work to individually modify them.
To do this a bit faster, we will
select the remaining three polygons
and then we will go to object and join. And
you can now see that we have now a join here,
with all our three previous polygons and we
can now simply apply the modifier to our group.
Make this a little bit bigger than the first one.
First one up here.
And so now we have 3D bodies that
we could obviously also export
and for example export them back again, to the STL
format and use the STL format for example
into a slicer to then send it to a 3D printer